here we are Tillamook Oregon famous the
world over for its tasty dairy products
little-known fact there are five times
as many cows than people living here
little-known fact
we don't care hey why are we stopping
there's a cheese factory here that gives
free tours dead
couldn't we just skip some of those
stops along the way Ian just try to
enjoy the journey would you ah
ah would you look at that oh how cute
Kyle the cell phone gimme
sure dad here's the phone calling the
store Shh hey babe I don't know I've
never microwaved in Canada before sorry
what were you saying Cory if they're
called oranges weren't lemons called
yellow question Wow my dad makes a liar
Cory get back here this instant
you get away from him before I Tan your
hide and finally here is the place where
we make our world-famous cheese wow she
is such a hottie
yeah but you've got a girlfriend
remember oh right
Jessica I need my own space it's not
working out let's be friends blah blah
blah seeya